Allow custom read rates (#10)
untemps/read-per-minute: README.md

const langRate = rpm.rate
```

### Alternative Use with a Custom Rate

Simply pass the desired custom reading rate in words per minute instead of a language code:

```javascript
// For very fast readers: 425 words per minute.
rpm.parse('Long text', 425)
```

> **NOTE**:  The custom reading rate must be greater than zero or an error will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**:  The custom reading rate must be greater than zero or the default value will be used.
```
